Alrighty, y'all.
We are live on this b-e-a-u-tiful
Thursday morning.
God bless everybody in Jesus name and
Yeshua's name.
As Bitcoin is getting a pump, baby.
Right now, we are pumping. We're getting
ready for our next move, bouncing from
this low right here, my dear.
Big shout to everybody in the chat. God
bless y'all. Big shout out to Jay Duff.
What's up, my man? Shout out to Getchy
in the house early.
Shout out to Not Not Quicker. He says,
"Let's go. Spit that price action into
my ear." Man, I'm getting ready to spit
it into everybody's ear.
This juicy price action. We're going to
be talking about this, man. This is
insane.
Pure insanity.
This is the definition of pure insanity,
man.
I mean, I can't even believe what I'm
seeing.
I can't even believe what I'm seeing.
Now, we took a little poll in the chat.
What are we going to see first? 70 or
80,000 BTC?
70 or 80,000 BTC?
I'm curious to see what you guys say
in the chat.
Let's see what y'all have to say in in
the chat.
Big shout out to
Damien Wins. Good greetings. Pumping the
dumbbells to start. That's what's up.
You got to pump the dumbbells. Shout out
to Quiles 1100 and big time big A.
Shout out to Riley O'Brien Powell. Good
morning. Good morning. Good morning. God
bless you. Shout out to Kitty Cats.
Shout out to Archie. He says, "Thanks
for the live trade yesterday."
Yeah, I mean, I you know,
sometimes people always say, "How come
you never How come you never give us
signals?"
I mean,
you know, that's really I I try and do
that in the Casper Crew, but yesterday
we had to do it, man. Yesterday we had
to do it.
Yesterday we had to do it. The most epic
knife catch
live during FOMC.
Look at that beautiful
Look at that beautiful knife catch,
guys. And of course, we are still in the
trade up right now, 4,800 bucks.
Let's pull the fib from the high to the
low to see what's happening.
We haven't even hit the local Fibonacci
GP yet. I haven't even looked at the
chart yet, to be honest with you guys.
All right?
I haven't even looked at the chart yet.
This is fresh. This is super fresh right
now.
All right? I should know.
I should know. 80K or 70K first?
Eon Crypto says, "80K incoming."
Undefeated says, "What's the deal, Jay?
Are we going up right now?"
We're going up right now. It looks like
it. I mean, you know,
what can I say? Here's the thing. I'm
not I'm not necessarily the best at
predicting,
but I can say I am the best knife
catcher I know. I don't know too many
knife catchers.
That That's a pretty epic knife catch
right there.
All right?
That is a pretty epic knife catch right
there. All right?
And that was the exact bottom of the
day. Man, would you look at that, guys?
Would you look at that?
Is there an entry now?
I don't think there's an entry now. Big
shout out to Jayboy Bullish, but we'll
take a look, man.
We'll take a look. We'll take a look.
Look.
Am I crazy for catching the knife? I
don't think I'm crazy for catching the
knife, honestly. I don't think I am.
I mean, we come back to the Bitcoin
chart, guys. I mean,
look at the chart. Look at the chart.
I don't think I was crazy for catching
that knife. Money flow and momentum
getting higher.
Honestly,
I do have to say, when you come down to
the value area low of a range confluence
with the dang 786,
you kind of got to be crazy not to try
and catch the knife.
You know?
That's just my style. Again, this ain't
no financial advice. This ain't no
financial advice. This is not financial
advice.
I'm not a financial advisor.
But I mean, when the 1-minute chart
looks like this, I you know, this is a
little pro tip.
All right? When the 1-minute chart looks
like this,
we're in 2 minutes
during a fundamental news event,
we come down
1%, which is pretty big for Bitcoin
these days, right to a confluence of
support
with bullish divergences all up the
wazoo, in my opinion, in my style of
trading,
it's worth it every time. And the reason
why it's worth it every time
is because you have to think to
yourself,
just like this trade was worth it for
me. Right? This trade was worth it for
me, too.
From the other day, when we took it in
the Casper Crew VIP Discord, and I told
everyone in April 28th I was longing,
and we locked in the juiciest profits
for that trade.
Well, it wasn't that It actually wasn't
that juicy.
It was
this one here. We We actually made about
$1,400 on that one.
Yesterday, made about 1,900 on that one.
Uh
Actually, no. We made $1,900 on Yeah,
this was that trade from the 28th.
Yeah, from the
Yeah, from the 28th.
Yeah, opened it up on the 28th. All
right?
That one, too. We come down to key
support. We have bullish divergences.
When you come down to key support with
some bull divs,
um
after a fast drop,
the the risk to reward is very good. The
risk to reward is very good. The reason
is because the whole idea of the trade
is that we're going to bounce from the
786, right? Which means, in general, you
can have a really
tight invalidation, and then you can
shoot for
the top of the range. That's a really
good risk to reward. That's an 11 to 1
risk reward right now. Very good. Of
course, right now, we are coming up to
resistance.
All right? Right now, we are coming up
to resistance
right over here. We've got this
support resistance flip.
And we're actually losing the level. So,
let's go to the 12-minute time frame. We
do have bearish divergence, bearish
money flow on the 12-minute.
Bearish divergence, bearish money flow
on the 6-minute. If we're going to lose
76 376, we can definitely see more
downside here. But,
you know, look.
Honestly,
when price is at support
and the invalidation is very small,
those are the kinds of trade Those are
the money makers, man. Those are the
dang money makers.
You know, those are the money makers.
People like, "I got to wait for
confirmation. Got to wait for a BOS, a
break of structure, this and that."
Like, all right.
By the time you get a dang break of
structure, it's up here.
Maybe you could enter here.
All right? Maybe you can. Maybe that's
your style. Maybe you want to wait for
the back test. And that's fine. And
that's all good and fine.
We did get a beautiful back test from
the Fibonacci golden pocket.
But, for me, there's plenty confirmation
to come to a level with market cipher
looking like the way she was looking
yesterday, right?
We did a whole rap about it yesterday,
too. From the purple to the blue.
Right? We did a whole dang rap about it
yesterday. From the purple to the blue.
When money flow's coming from the purple
to the blue, what's she going to do?
You know? What's she going to do? From
the purple to the blue. Look at this.
Look at this.
Guys, seriously, I'm not even kidding.
All right? When market cipher 24-minute
money flow
goes from the purple into the blue,
as the price makes a lower low into a
very juicy confluence of support,
that is like
I don't know the exact percentage.
I I'd say that's a That's a trade that
I'm very confident in is going to pay.
All right? It's a trade I'm very
confident is going to pay. You know what
I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying?
Um
Yeah, my live stream time is very
volatile and unpredictable. That's true.
That's true.
Shout out to Lumagate, who says,
"Celebrating spring in Sweden with 80K
Bitcoin incoming." Yeah, let's see if we
can reclaim this key level here, cuz if
not,
we're in for some danger.
Um
Bogdan Xwolf says, "Bro, it's going to
dump hard." So, in Sweden, we're pumping
to 80K. Bogdan Xwolf used to be a wolf.
Now, he's an Xwolf.
He is saying we're going to dump hard,
baby.
Uh yeah, exactly. It was an easy entry.
It really was an easy entry.
Um
Punching a clock blows. Yeah.
I'm sorry, Bitcoin Harpist.
I can imagine that. I can imagine that.
One of my
I don't want to say my greatest fears in
life is having a job, but
yeah, honestly, I would really hate to
have a job, right? I would hate so much
to have a job. I haven't had a job in 13
years.
And
man, I I just can't imagine having to
have a job, you know?
Um so, I'm really sorry that you have
that, you know?
So,
shout out to everyone with a job, baby.
Shout out to everybody with a job.
Man,
I'm so glad I don't have a job. I'm so
thankful. Every morning I wake up and I
I literally say, "Thank you, Lord, that
I don't have a job."
Like seriously.
Cuz man,
that would suck.
No offense to all you jobbers out there,
all right?
Um
But yeah, look, you don't have to have a
job, either, honestly. You don't have to
have a job. That's the thing.
That's the thing. We have the internet.
You know, you can start an online
business.
And you can make it happen if the Lord
blesses your labors.
If the Lord blesses your labors.
Danno crypto wants to collab so you
don't have a job anymore.
Is that Is that the ticket? J Casper
collab?
The J Casper collab?
Um
You just got a job that is remote and
sweet. That is sweet. That is pretty
nice. That is pretty nice.
That is pretty nice.
Yeah.
God created Adam to work in the garden.
Oh, don't get it wrong. I love to work,
my friend.
I work I work more than most people.
But I don't have a job.
I work harder than probably
at least people I know in my life.
Probably more than
85% of people I know, I work harder than
them. But, I don't have a job.
That's the thing. That's the thing.
I mean, I farm a 6-acre homestead pretty
much by myself.
I have an online business and I'm a
trader.
I've got four kids.
You know,
I I do a lot of work, all right? I just
don't have a job.
That's the trick.
I do a got I got do a lot of work. I
just don't have a job. You know what I'm
saying?
Is my Bitcoin running? Better go catch
it. Yeah, look at this. Are we dumping
or are we pumping? Looks like we're
dumping and pumping, baby. Looks like
we're pumping and dumping. We better get
get chop right back chip chippity chip
chop.
Right into the dingo.
Oh, no. Big dirty perp coming in to give
the herp. Look at this candle dumping on
down. You know, we are at a pretty key
level. You know, we got to pop into
Let's take a look at the order flow,
guys. Look, I'm literally just looking
at the chart now. So, let's do some
comprehensive analysis together.
And let's see what we got here, all
right?
Let's see. Here we go. Here we go. Let's
see. What do we got? Thankfully,
we don't see any kind of bearish CVD
divergences. We see a steady increase of
open interest and CVD along the way up,
which is a healthy move. We have seen a
lot of longs opening here,
uh which are currently underwater, guys.
So,
but interestingly enough, we actually
had more shorts than longs open up on
this big candle.
So, we had a lot of shorts open up here.
It does have negative delta.
But nonetheless,
we are seeing longs still trying to open
up here, but we're not seeing any
bearish CVD divergence. So, this is the
1-minute time frame. Let's go to the
15-minute time frame.
From the low we made yesterday,
um
you know, ever since we bounced from the
golden pocket, we've seen a steady
increase of OI and CVD, which
does signify a strong move, but
obviously, look, we have definitely
uh had this whole chunk of action here
be characterized by
as Flappy Groper would say,
stairs up, elevator down. You know, a
slow, painful grind to the upside
yesterday,
elevator down, slow, painful grind to
the upside.
And we have been seeing those elevators
to the downside here, all right?
Let's do some market cipher. Now, again,
this is such a key level. The fact that
we're losing this level, guys, is not
good. All right?
It is not good. So, let's go ahead
and um
just put this as a key level here.
76 three 76
We need to hold above this level, guys,
if we want more upside. And then our
next target My honestly, my target for
this long trade is going to be the value
area high of the range around 78.4. And
the reason is because, well, we're just
trading from the range low to the range
high.
If we dump from here,
my target is going to be coming back to
backtest the trendline of the bear
market. So, this green diagonal we see
here is actually the the resistance of
the bear market since October 6th,
2025.
And so, coming down to this area,
we'll we we will look for a juicy
backtest, man.
Let me tell you, it's going to be juicy.
Um
Yeah, um
dirty perp for the herp. Yeah, I mean,
seriously.
Oscillator looks great, though, for the
upside.
Oh.
Give me 1 second, guys. Give me 1
second. I've got I I got I got some
squash I got some squash in the oven. I
got to take it out. I I hate burnt
squash. Give me 1 second.
Man, Bitcoin pumps. All we got to do is
go get the squash out the oven and
Bitcoin pumps, huh?
It's a squash pump.
We got a nice little squash pump in the
house, baby.
Yeah.
Do a rap about not having a job. Burnt
squash was your high school band name?
That's what's up.
Uh that's what's up.
He had one job, don't burn the squash.
Yeah, the moment of realization. Well,
thankfully, I set a timer, all right?
Cuz pretty much my diet right now
consists of like eggs, chicken, sweet
potatoes, squash,
and uh maybe some romaine lettuce and
you know, so I I don't want burnt
squash. Shout out to Doctor Goat. Shout
out to Zeen ad.
Golden pocket at 76 seven.
Yes, we do have that golden pocket just
above us, all right?
Just above us. What kind of squash is
it? It's zucchini squash. Green zucchini
squash.
All right, my favorite type. My favorite
type
of squash is green and yellow zucchinis.
Man, we grow bushels. Bushels on the
homestead. I'm not even kidding. We grow
bushels.
You know, we eat them, we freeze them,
we even dehydrate them and make zucchini
chips.
Man, I love zucchinis. I love it.
Probably my favorite non-vegetable that
people call a vegetable. I It's a fruit,
technically.
Right? All right, so, we are above the
key level.
Let's not Let's not get overexcited now.
We don't want to get overexcited.
All right?
Let's see.
Yeah, look at this. The golden pocket
coming up at 76 seven. Then we have our
786. All right? Let's also take a look
at this. You know what?
You know what? Big shout out to Divine
Hood. I don't think he's in the chat,
but you know, I just thought about
parallel channels. Made me think of
Divine Hood. But let's see what we got
here.
Do we have
some kind of a channel here?
Yeah, we do have somewhat of a channel
that's giving us confluence right around
that area as well. So, yeah, if we break
out of this, guys, we could definitely
see 80K. Now, there's one thing on the
chart that's giving me a lot of hope for
this long, all right? Which is this.
4-hour time frame, guys. Take a look.
Do you guys see what I see on the
4-hour? All right?
Remember what we said, money flow from
the purple to the blue, what she going
to do?
Look at this. 4-hour money flow from the
purple to the blue.
Price getting lower to key support.
Uneven butt cheek pattern on the 4-hour
time frame.
Big on the left, nice and juicy, skinny
on the right side to round out the
booty.
Nice and skinny. You know what I'm
saying? Like uh
You guys know what I'm saying? Like uh
Like Like Delores, that waitress at the
diner.
She's coming out super skinny. The veins
popping out the dang neck over here.
It's from all the nicotine
in the cigarettes that she still smokes
inside.
You know, nicotine's an appetite
suppressant and it speeds up the heart
rate
to increase the metabolism.
And look at the Look at these Look at I
mean, look at the price action candles
here, right?
Price action candles coming down key
support.
Value area low of the range.
And boom, we get a move to the upside.
That's where the money is. That right
cheek. That's really where the money is.
And we can clearly see, clear as day,
this juicy pattern here on the 4-hour.
This is rare.
All right, this is pretty rare. Now,
look at this, too. All right.
Look at this, too. Okay.
I'm not saying
this is guaranteed to happen, but
it is very interesting that we are also
seeing a hidden bullish divergence here
on the 4-hour. Now, there's a lot of
reasons why the hidden bull div on the
4-hour doesn't really look that nice.
Namely cuz we broke down from the trend
line. Okay, but just quickly here,
just quickly, I want to point out some
things. All right.
Let's just point out a few things here.
Let's Let's go ahead and put this in our
group.
All this stuff goes in in the folder.
All right, look at Look at what I'm
seeing here.
Okay.
Now, first of all, I I recognize that
usually hidden bullish divergence is
stop working once the trend line is
broken, for sure.
You know, this is why when everyone was
talking about the hidden bullish
divergence
um right here, okay?
At 80k, if you guys remember back in
November
when we got that drop and people were
talking about the hidden bullish
divergence that we had there, I said,
"No,
the reason why that's not a real hidden
bullish divergence is because we broke
the trend line. Okay, so please bear in
mind
I'm not saying that this is a super
bullish signal, but the reason why this
is more bullish
even though we broke the trend line is
because
now is a hidden bullish divergence.
Hidden bullish divergence, guys, is the
price is making higher lows, which
technically we are, right?
And the momentum is making a lower low.
So, technically, that's a hidden bullish
divergence.
All right. Now, usually when we break
the trend line, the hidden bullish
divergence is stop working. Here's where
things take a twist.
A regular bullish divergence, like we've
seen here,
in confluence conjunction with a hidden
actually becomes much more bullish
because you can't fake this. All right.
You can't fake this. All right. You walk
into a room, you can't fake it. There's
no mistaking it. Even the kids are
pointing it out. You know, my kids
always point out
you know,
people's bodies and it's super
embarrassing.
Like, "Mom, why is that woman's butt
cheek so uneven?"
Relax. Look, everyone's different.
All right, just don't point it out. You
don't want You don't want to make them
feel bad.
You know, my son, "Look at how fat that
guy is."
Relax, bro. Look,
you don't want to make the guy feel bad
about himself. Everyone's different, all
right?
Sheesh.
But,
seriously,
you can't fake that. All right. So,
let's see what happened here. Very
interesting. What else is interesting?
The money flow is getting higher. All
right, you can't really fake that,
either. A lot of times in an uptrend,
the purple money flow does act as
support.
All right. So, let's see. We're We're
struggling here above the level. We got
all base and no treble on on the Bitcoin
price. And we got to give a major
shout out to our super chat in the
house.
USDT pair by bit on log riding that
trend line.
Let's see.
I never chart USDT
on by bit.
Let's do it on log.
We're on log already.
I'm on log already. All right, let's
see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see.
Let's see.
Yeah.
Yeah, so USDT on log, yeah. Mhm. Okay.
So, you know, on some exchanges we're
already getting the back test. All
right. So,
let's see how this plays out.
All right, let's see how this plays out.
Let's go back to our 1-hour time frame
here.
All right, so we've had New York open.
We've been open now for less than an
hour.
All right, 40 minutes, give or take.
Big shout to our super chat, though.
Thank you so much, Matthew Sheldon 3198.
God bless you, man.
Um
yeah, kids are honest with their
opinions.
We have news updates.
Do we have news updates?
All right. Um
Bullish on break says that was a bearish
retest, 50k incoming.
This does look like a bearish retest,
right? It really does.
Um
you know,
Well, look at what I just did there.
Look at this.
You guys see that?
See what I did there? How did I do that?
How did I do that?
Interesting.
Oh, wow.
Look at that.
So interesting. We got We got all this
crazy stuff going on.
That is pretty wild.
Wow.
Let's be honest.
Oh, look at this. Oh, wait. Hang on. I'm
free I'm
Okay, hang on one sec. What is this?
What is that?
Oh, wow. Look, this is a frozen
screenshot from yesterday, guys.
Somehow we have a frozen screenshot from
yesterday's live stream on here. Back
when Bitcoin was 75537.
That's so interesting, man. Man, I'll
never learn this streaming software
stuff, guys.
I'll never learn how to fully use it,
you know?
I'll never learn how to fully use it.
All right.
Um
yeah, I'm having those flashbacks,
seriously.
I accidentally bought a year
subscription of TradingView. That'll
probably help you out, honestly. Big
shout out to Valerie
Valenzuela.
Aloha and God bless you, Valerie.
Big shout out to Crypto Coons. God bless
you, my bro.
Good to see you here, man.
Shout out to Dad Bod Daily. Look at
Hype. Low time frame bull divs plus CDW
previous lows bullish. All right, let's
look at Hype real quick.
All right, let's try and hype ourselves
up a little bit here. Oh my goodness,
Bitcoin's dumping like a wild lady right
now.
How can I look at Hype when Bitcoin's
dumping? We'll have to do it
cuz I said I would.
All right.
Hype USDT.
Let's check it out.
So, we've got ourselves a potential CDW
of the previous low,
liquidity grab. We'll go to the 4-hour
time frame. We'll look at Market Cipher
B.
We've got ourselves bullish divergence,
money flow thickening.
We'll go to the 1-hour and
we got some bull divs, money flow on the
fence.
Uh overall, though, regionally, locally
money flow on the fence, regionally
money flow looking nice.
Actually does look kind of nice on these
lower time frames. The daily.
Yeah, if this thing eventually turns
into a trigger wave on the daily, for
sure. We've got ourselves a beautiful
uh CDW of this low here. So, yeah, let's
see if we don't pump like crazy,
which reminds me,
come on, BTC.
Come on, BTC. What's it going to be?
You know, we're in the juicy knife catch
long still from yesterday.
I hope that we can hold this.
Look at that beautiful knife catch. Look
at both of these trades, guys.
I mean, that's precision. Yeah, I mean,
seriously, that is precision.
That's pretty wild. All right, that is
some precise entries.
All right, short trade given in the
moment in the Cash Flow Crew VIP
Discord.
Long trade taken in the moment live
on stream
yesterday
taken publicly.
This is some precision, man. All right.
Praise God for the precision.
Now, here's the thing. The question is
not now how precise am I? The question
is, am I going to make any money on
these trades? Cuz right now I've only
made 1,500 bucks
on these trades right now. I'm up 15,000
unrealized, but I've only actually
locked in 1,500. So, now the real
challenge comes in. The question, the
age-old question of should I close it?
Should I close it?
Shout out to Divine Hood in the chat. He
says rate cuts probably won't happen
till 2027. There probably won't be cuts.
We'll remain neutral for a lot longer
than they expected. An energy crisis
could cause another spike in inflation.
There we go, the energy crisis
might pump Bitcoin. Maybe that Maybe
that'll be the
the bull market catalyst here. Man,
things are about to get crazy
in the world
based on this engineered energy crisis.
An engineered energy crisis.
You know, good old Donald Trump, America
first, right?
You know, America first audit the Fed,
Donald Trump. Clinton's in in jail,
Donald Trump, right?
America first, Donald Trump, right?
Yep. Yep. Yep.
That's right. Y'all got played.
Y'all got played again.
How many times is it going to take?
What would Frankie Candles do? Yeah, how
about TP 50%?
Yeah, maybe. Maybe I will. You know,
maybe I will.
I'm going to wait and see how it plays
out here, guys. You know, you got to
remember, too, these are not my only
positions.
These are not my only positions. First
of all,
I'm up
in the last 30 days close to six
figures.
All right.
I have a current swing trade open right
now that's up
um
over 60 grand in profits, all right? So
so I I have a little leeway here. I have
a little leeway
to kind of wait and see what's going to
happen, right? Because if I'm not
talking in profits, I don't really care.
I've already made a lot of money
this month trading. So I want to wait
and see which position is going to be
the winner, all right? I'm kind of right
now I'm How do How do I best describe
it?
I'm just wait Jerome Powell. I have to
wait and see. I just have to wait and
see. We're going to pump or dump? I I
don't know. We'll have to wait or see.
If the top is in, I definitely don't
want to TP half on my short trade cuz
I'm in this massive long trade right
now. I have a 650,000
more than half a million dollars on
longs, all right? Do I really want to TP
half on my short in the event of a dump?
No. I want to keep that short open. It's
only a $250,000 short.
Right? Now
I wouldn't be surprised if we pump up to
80k.
Which case I want to keep that long open
cuz if we pump to 80k, my short's
getting stopped out. So I am right now
in that position of
I've already made money this month. I'm
not trying to make money right now
necessarily. I'm not
I am trying to make money.
But what I'm saying [music] is I'm not
desperate to TP1 right now.
Right? I'm willing to let them ride.
Okay? I'm willing to let them ride.
You guys know what I'm saying, all
right?
Um
How do I catch precise lows and highs?
Well, this trade right here
where we came down
and bounced from this level here was a
trade setup that was given
in advance, all right? So I was planning
for this trade to happen.
Right? So I actually drew exactly what I
wanted to see on the chart.
I posted it in my VIP Discord.
And then when we came down to the level
I said if we reclaim that POC, I'll take
a long stop loss below the low. It
happened good enough for me. Caps lock
was on, you know, oops.
All right. The short trade the short
trade
I took the short
from
uh
793, all right? I told the community,
look, if I see a CDW
I will go for it, right? It's not It
wasn't even a question. I will go for
it. Could be an instant stop out cuz
we're
I thought we're going to get a big pump.
Ended up being the top. I took it. I
took it. Now look, at the time, did I
think we were going to that was going to
be top? No, not necessarily, but I had a
valid trade setup.
The long trade from yesterday that I
took live.
All right, during the FOMC.
We just got a massive dump. Okay? Look
where we dumped to.
Like this is super important, guys, all
right?
I
I don't know.
This is the power of technical analysis,
honestly.
The power of technical analysis is the
price was coming down to a very
important support, all right? Basically,
ever since we broke out of our range
we started forming a range above the
breakout. The value area low of that
range, all right? This is where the
Bitcoin price is considered undervalued.
His you know
ever since we broke out on the 13th of
April, the Bitcoin price from there has
been considered undervalued, all right?
We also had our 786 Fibonacci
retracement from there.
All right?
So when you come to these areas on the
chart, you have to understand these are
levels. These are make it or break it
levels, meaning
we don't know for certain
what price is going to do. But if price
is going to get a reversal, it's very
probable going to happen from here, all
right? Now when you come to these areas
and you look at your oscillator and you
see that there is a giant bullish
divergence here
all right? That gives you even more
added assurance that this is a good
trade to take. When you come to
a level such as this up here
and you see the money flow coming down
and on lower time frames you are seeing
bearish divergences up here
you know?
On the even on the 4-hour we technically
had it. It is objectively speaking a
good trade to take. It's It's And the
here's the thing, a good trade is not
always a winning trade.
A good trade has these three
characteristics. Number one, a valid
reason to enter. Number two, a valid
stop loss if things don't go your way.
And number three, a valid target. And if
you're coming to the top of a range with
bearish divergences
you pretty much know, right?
That if you're taking the trade, if we
make another higher high, it's not a
fake out, right? So you're assuming it's
a fake out. And then if it is a fake
out, well, you got you can get a TP1 at
the back side of the range. And then
eventually if we lose that range, you
got your TP2 at the bottom of the range,
right? So now as we have taken the long
trade
very clear invalidation, right? If we
make a lower low, okay, we were wrong in
our idea that we're bouncing from the
bottom of the range. But we have our
bullish divergence, which means we can
shoot now for the top of the range for a
juicy TP. And if we reclaim that, then
we can shoot for higher prices, 80k and
beyond, right?
Now I just want to say these trades I'm
taking
all right? I am
I am telling my Discord what I'm my plan
is and telling them when I'm taking the
trade.
All right? I am making the plans. I'm
drawing them out. And then I'm telling
people when I've taken the trade. I am
even telling people
the plans and telling them I have limit
orders set, right?
Um yesterday
or I guess two days ago now, we took a
long, right? This is going on in the VIP
Discord. Plus yesterday
I took a trade live, all right?
I took the trade live, all right?
So this this is stuff that is not you
know, I am I am doing this stuff in real
time here.
And the levels work and market cipher
works, you know?
Doesn't mean you're going to have a
perfect win rate,
right?
But yeah,
it is what it is. Guys, smash up the
likes. We got 700 people here. We have
one like.
One like, all right?
Red diamond or took the same trade.
You're up 7k. Now you're up 8k. What am
I up?
I was up 5.something k. Now I'm up
4.something k.
I had $500,000 on the trade, but I
closed half yesterday
on a different account, locked in a
$1,300 profit.
So let's see what happens here.
Let us see what happens here.
Do I have any specials for the month of
May? I don't.
Not for the VIP Discord. But I do have a
free course on YouTube.
If you want a free course, you could
check it out on YouTube.
But um
Is 100% win rate possible? Yeah, it is
for some people.
Some people. I mean, not not
permanently. You're not always going to
have 100% win rate, but
yeah, some people have a really really
really high win rate.
In order to have a super high win rate,
you need to be very very selective with
what trades you take. I'm a little bit
looser with the trades that I take.
I you know, my trading strategy involves
higher frequency of trading
um
and hedging
a lot of times, right? So
Yeah, shout out to uh Crypto Coons
posting the free
course um
Plain Sailor says Americans don't know
how expensive fuel can get. I mean, I
have a friend in Bulgaria and he says,
man, it is so dang expensive right now.
Um Do I have the scalping Discord? Yes,
I still do, but I haven't been scalping
lately, so it's a free to join and once
I'm once I'm in that scalping mode,
which happens like one or two times a
year
I will be live scalping in there, but I
have not been scalping since March.
And I just I I don't know. I I can't I
cannot force scalping
for me. It has to be I have to be in
that special mindset.
Big reminder, guys, Antarctic low fees.
Any of the exchanges that I trade on,
you do get access to my free scalping
group in the Discord.
Antarctic
K sex lowest fees
Blowfin and Newbit
are my four exchanges. Antarctic is
totally decentralized, all right?
Plus it operates like a centralized
exchange.
Currently right now, guys, I'm partnered
with Klein Funding Crypto Prop Firm 15%
discounts on these funded accounts.
All right?
And then I'm also partnered with Bit
Funded, which has their new mobile app
and their mobile version and their their
short time frame challenges
pretty cool.
Check it out if you're interested in in
becoming a funded trader and or trading
with super low fees.
All right?
Links in the description. Of course, the
VIP Discord in the description as well,
all right?
Some petrol stations are empty in
France.
Drove through it the other week.
Luckily, the ski lifts aren't powered by
oil.
When is AX going to launch the token?
Soon, man, soon.
Soon soon soon.
You know, soon soon soon.
Yeah, soon, soon. Man, honestly, I was
thinking
I am thinking
I was thinking that we were going to get
a bit more of a move today. Maybe we do
get a big dump. All right, maybe we do
get a big old dump today. Let's wait and
see.
Let's wait and see. Wait and see. Wait
and see.
Let's wait and see.
You know what, guys? I am going to do
something here. You know what?
I am going to I am going to do a little
something here on this trade.
I think I am going to add a little bit
to the position here.
Uh nah, I'll wait. I'll wait. Uh I don't
know.
Flopping grope J Casp.
Flopping grope J Casp over here.
Look, guys, Antarctic is a very new
exchange, all right? So,
it's a very new exchange.
So, it takes a long time to make sure
there are no bugs and and things like
this.
I'm going to add $100,000 to the
position.
And I'm going to take a little profits
off the table.
Yeah, we're going to take some profit
off the table here, guys.
All right. I know I said I wasn't going
to do it, but
I am going to do it now because um I've
got that swing trade open and I've
decided
to lock in a little bit of profit. I
still got $170,000 on the position,
which brings my total Bitcoin long
positions to just over half a million.
And if we do bounce from here, I might
as well
add a little bit more to the position to
get my entry from 75861.
So, we'll see what happens here, all
right? We'll see what happens here. So,
flopping grope mid trade decided to take
a little something something off the
table here.
So, let's see.
Let's see.
You wish I could trade on the chart UI?
What do you mean, from TradingView? I I
I hate trading from TradingView.
Um
you know.
Double bottom at 746 would be nice. We
do have that liquidity down there,
Divine Hood. Yeah, we do have that
liquidity down there.
Shout out to Doge D6I. Good morning,
Jay. Good morning to you.
You added more today just now. Size up
winners and cut small losses. Yeah,
that's for sure. That's for sure.
Shout out to Paradigm Miner.
Yeah, so let's see what happens here
with the Bitcoin, all right?
I do think we could get a little bit of
a move up here.
But yeah,
let's let's see how she goes. Let's see
how she goes.
I want to go down to let's take a look
another look at order flow.
Just a quick reminder, guys, we are
having games in the Casp Crew
uh VIP Discord today.
So, if you're looking to win juicy
prizes
in the Casp Crew,
today is the day to do such a thing.
All right, we're going to be giving away
thousands of dollars.
I heard that Doge on the daily time
frame is printing the finger pattern
right now.
No, I'm not, but thank you for spamming
the chat with it. Should Should we go
take a look?
Should we go take a look?
I usually don't don't let spammers have
their way, but you know what? For you,
for you,
we'll check it out. Doge/Tether
on the daily.
I guess you're saying about the giant
head and shoulders there.
Cool. Cool. Cool, I guess.
Um
Can we get a garden homestead tour? Nah.
No, we can't do that. I'm sorry.
Green eggs and spam. I know, right? Big
shout out to bullish on parade. He's got
grown stuff to do. Praise Jesus. God
bless.
God bless you, bro.
I was really hoping we get a big move.
Let's Let's see if we don't get a big
move today.
Let's give it some time, guys. Let's
give it some time.
Some rosemary sometime.
Some garlic. All the other herbs that we
all should be growing in our gardens.
Oregano.
Big fan of oregano, man.
That stuff comes back every year.
Hyssop, oregano, sage.
What else we got in there?
You know what also does come back by
itself is cilantro cuz it drops seeds if
you let it go to seed.
All right.
Want to see a pump to 77 and dump. Looks
like we could get it, to be honest.
Looks like this was a deep retest, all
right?
A deep retest.
Let's go Let's see here. Let's
see here.
We've got that golden pocket just up
above. We break the golden pocket, man,
we are
we are home free. We are home free.
Why 77k? I guess that's the zone. Yeah,
that's the zone right here. That's the
zone.
Here's the zone. When did we do this?
7:45.
10:15.
All right, 9:15, 9:30. New York open
pretty much just gave us a pump up only,
right?
Egg code. Yeah, should we do the egg
code?
Yeah, let's do the egg code. Big shout
out to my man
Vikas Kumrai.
Yeah, we could do an egg code for my man
Yeah, let's do Let's do an egg code.
Let's do an egg code here.
>> [music]
>> Big shout out to Vikas Kumrai.
Egg code. Let's get the egg code
going on [music] here, all right?
You want grope peach scorpion peppers?
My thoughts on Antarctic Exchange, is it
worth it? Well, of course I think it's
worth it.
All right? But I'm I'm affiliated with
the exchange, so I have a a vested
interest in you trading on it.
But look, Antarctic Exchange is the
exchange that
I love.
Right? It's pretty much everything that
I would want in an exchange and it's not
even done yet.
You know, it's not even done yet. So,
I love everything about it. It's
decentralized. It has a mobile app and a
user [snorts] interface like a
centralized exchange.
Um it's blue and purple,
which is huge. You can have infinite
number of trades open if you have it on
split mode. You could be long and long
and long and long and short and short
and short and short and short on the
same pair at the same time.
Right?
Um
So, yeah, the egg code today is AX.
>> [snorts]
>> AX is the egg code. All capital.
All right, egg code is AX.
>> [music]
>> Mm.
Why scalp short the golden pocket? Uh
no. No, I will not.
No, I will not, guys. All right?
I will not. Not today.
I'm not really feeling scalps today, but
what I will say is that I
am definitely looking for trades at
certain levels.
And if I do take a freshy, I will let
the Casp Crew VIP Discord know
cuz that's what I do.
Antarctic freezing funds. Uh I mean,
it's all decentralized, guys. So, it's
all like on the on a blockchain. It's
It's not like they have the ability to
do that kind of stuff, right? If there's
an issue, maybe there's an issue with
the network.
All right?
Or maybe they have a wallet up Maybe
they're doing a wallet upgrade or
something like that. Okay?
Uh the only way that you can get in
trouble with Antarctic is if you're
trying to scam the exchange
by using
tools to take multiple trades within a
minute time frame, all right?
So, there are some people trying to mess
with the exchange, trying to mess with
the low liquidity
because it is a new exchange. By By
using
different tools to take literally like
30 trades in a minute. Something that
would be impossible for you to do
normally.
Right?
So, that has to get shut down. That's
not good for the exchange.
That That can't happen.
All right?
Uh no KYC. Guys, it's it's
decentralized. It's decentralized, okay?
There's no KYC.
It's decentralized. That means it's it's
not You're not depositing your money
into someone's platform
and they're holding it for you.
It's all through smart contract,
right? It's all through smart contract.
I'm sorry Alan, I I can't I can't I
cannot talk about that right now, all
right? I can't talk about it right now.
I'm sorry, bro.
All right?
Some some secret info.
It is a pain if you're trading using a
ledger because it does take a long time
to hook up your ledger. It has gotten
faster recently,
but here's the thing. Here's what I do.
I have uh well, I
Here's what I recommend.
I recommend you have a hot wallet.
Don't ever Don't ever hook up your main
ledger or your main cold wallet to
anything, guys. Like first of all, this
is very important. If you have a main
ledger or a main Trezor, you never
ever
ever ever link that thing to anything.
In fact, if you have a main wallet, hard
wallet, you have a dedicated computer
that you use only
to check that hard wallet and you don't
check emails and you don't browse the
web and you don't do anything else on
that computer, okay?
That's a given first.
Now, once we have that out of the way,
take an alt wallet, either a hard wallet
or a hot wallet,
and use that to hook up to Antarctic.
All right?
And it's much faster if you're using a
hard hot wallet like a MetaMask or a
Trust Wallet because then
especially on your phone, it's like two
clicks and you're logged in.
Two clicks and you're logged in. It's
actually faster than logging in on Bybit
or whatever with two-factor
authentication.
Unless you have like a YubiKey to log
in, then it's fast, but
really if you're using a hot wallet,
it's super fast.
All right?
The A code is AX, all capital, all
right?
Shout out to Bray Townsley.
Tip for my G J for bringing the rhymes
and beats and TA.
Hope everyone has a great day.
Nice, man. Nice bars and thank you so
much for the super chat.
I really appreciate that.
My Bitcoin was scanned.
Yes, somebody stole from me like almost
10 Bitcoin back in 2023 on on September
15th, 2023.
Somebody stole
uh
somebody stole money from me.
Um
Yeah, that was not very fun.
That was not very fun.
So,
always be cautious, guys. Like
seriously, um
don't ever assume, you know,
don't ever assume that it's not going to
happen to you, basically, right?
Always take security very seriously.
All right? Yeah, back in September 15th,
2023,
somebody stole It was at the time worth
about 700k.
I had seven
Yeah, it was it was bad. I made a video
about it.
Let's see.
Yeah, September 15th. Y'all never forget
that day.
I'll never forget that day, man. It was
such a crazy feeling.
You know, it really was such a crazy
feeling
back in those days, man.
A lot of comments on that video. A lot
of people
A lot of people don't um
won't believe me, but whatever.
Um
Yeah, guys, you got to take security
real serious.
You know?
Yeah, that that that was not a fun day
at all.
Yeah, T T says, "Always take security
seriously."
Seriously.
Big shout to my man James. He says, "How
can both sides be right?"
What do you mean, bears and bulls? Oh,
wait, James didn't say that. James says,
"I lost 13 Bitcoin in 2020. Sheesh."
Yeah, that that really sucks, man. That
is insane to think about.
Um
How can both sides be right, sir Tracy
Young? What are you talking about, bears
and bulls?
What's my win rate?
Well, the win rate
um
the win rate of of the trades I post in
the Casper Crew VIP Discord is very
high.
Very high because I don't post every
trade I take in that Discord.
I take a lot of trades, okay?
I take a lot of trades to hedge myself
and I I went over all the other day,
basically,
but my actual total win rate
for me personally is less than 50%, all
right? 42 to 46% win rate.
All right?
>> [music]
>> This is over the last 30 days right
here.
Now,
um but
my but on my total profitability is
almost six figures, all right?
So, I put all my stuff through
ChatGPT.
Now, if you can look at my trade
history, all right?
And you can see that
I have quite a few losses here, right?
I My win rate is not very high oh
when we when we look through all this
trade history here, all right?
So,
you know,
but the thing is I'm still profitable.
The reason why is because
a lot of the trades that I take, right?
I'm hedging myself.
So, I'm I'm taking small losses, taking
small chunks out of my profits,
right? In order to lock in the wins. So,
I've got a $30,000 win, you know,
>> [music]
>> a $13,000 win, a $20,000 win,
and then the rest are small wins and
small losses. A $12,000 win right there.
Um
another $12,000 win.
a $62,000 win.
You know, so
that's that's my trading style is
essentially I'm taking a lot of trades
that are
to protect my
my capital, right? To protect my
capital.
So, instead of
making $62,000 in one trade,
maybe like for example, here's here's
what's happening right now, okay?
I'm in a long and a short right now. One
of these trades is going to get stopped
out in a loss.
I don't know which one yet. It depends
on which way the price goes, okay?
If If we start to pump, my short trade
is going to get stopped out in a loss,
all right?
If we start to dump, my long trade
well, it currently right now I've got it
locked in.
But let's say we continue to pump,
right? And And here's another example,
right?
We come over here.
We come over here, right? And we take a
look at the these these these trades
here.
All right? I've got right now a long
open. It's up
$45,000,
all right?
If we come to a resistance and I see
anything kind of bearish, I'm going to
take a short trade and let that thing
get stopped out in a loss to protect
this money here. So, let just as as an
example, all right? Let's say we come up
to here and I see something bearish.
I'll open up a short trade here, all
right? This short trade, let's say it
gets stopped out for like a $3,000,
$4,000, $5,000 loss.
By the time we're up here, this thing is
up 65, 70 grand, all right?
So, I'm I'm spend I'm I'm
I'm paying $5,000 of my profits as an
insurance policy because if we drop from
here, right?
Then the long trade will get stopped out
and I've already locked in a $20,000
profit. So, I'm guaranteed to have made
20k on the long trade. So, by shorting
here,
either I'm going to spend $5,000 of my
unrealized profit
just in case of a dump, which will cut
$5,000 out of this, or we dump. In that
case, the long trade has still made
money, but now when we come all the way
back down,
my short trade is up tens of thousands
of dollars.
So, I'm always taking trades to hedge
myself. The reason I do this is because
for my own personal trading psychology,
the only way I'm even able to hold the
trade, and this is my own flaw. I'm not
going to say this is a good thing for
you to do.
Right? But my own personal trading
psychology is this.
I It's really difficult for me to hold
a huge position for long periods of time
if I
if I know that I'm not hedged or
protected,
right? So, I hedge myself.
I'm chipping away at my profits little
by little, but it's not enough to make
me unprofitable, right?
It's not enough to make me unprofitable.
In fact, I'm still able to be very
profitable trading that way.
Now, when it comes to the Discord and
the trades I give in the Discord, right?
Um where I tell people I'm taking
trades, these are trades where I I These
are not hedges. Unless I'm telling
people this is a hedge,
right? But in general, if I'm telling
the Discord I'm long here,
these are trades that I'm very confident
in, all right?
Cuz I know that not everybody's in the
same position as me.
All right? So, if you're in the VIP,
the trades I'm giving in there are the
ones where like I Those are like the
trades I'm confident in. Like if I was
in no trade, I would be taking these
trades in the VIP, right?
But a lot of the trades I take are
because I'm already in positions. I hope
that makes sense. Now, I know some
people will say that's dumb, okay?
But for me it's not dumb. For me it's
not dumb because there's no way I would
have been able to hold the trade and
make $65,000
on that position
if I hadn't been hedging against it on
the way up,
right?
Because
you got to think to yourself, I took
that trade from down here. All right,
took it from down here.
We pump up, we come all the way back
down, right? We come up, we come almost
all the way back down. Like you're
holding that trade for a long time. And
when you see that you're up, you know,
10 20k and you know that you're not
hedged against it. Like if price comes
back down, that's it. That money's gone
forever. It's really hard to hold the
trade. If I know right now, for example,
this long trade is up two grand, if it
gets stopped out, even let's say I take
a loss on it, right? I know that this
money's not really gone because now
maybe I lose two grand on this trade,
right? Well, by the time we're back
there, this trade is up like 15 grand.
So in total we're up, you know, $13,000
in total even though we took the loss.
So
it's very complex.
But as far as the trades I give in the
crew, man, you know, I take that stuff
seriously cuz I know people aren't
supposed to copy me, but
you know,
I know people do, right? And that's fine
cuz I know that everyone's demo trading
cuz again, we don't risk real money.
Risking money is risky.
Um
so make sure to only
make sure to only trade fake money,
guys, honestly.
Right? Demo trading only entertainment
purposes only.
All right?
How long will you be SVIP on Antarctic?
Forever. All right, the Casper crew, I I
made sure for all my exchanges, guys,
I've talked to these exchanges, all
right? And I told them, look, we are low
time frame traders. We need low fees.
BlowFin has
BlowFin has uh made accommodations for
the Casper crew. Antarctic has made
accommodations for the Casper crew. Ubit
has super low fees. BlowFin, I already
said they made accommodations. KCSX,
super super low fees.
All right? But yeah, on Antarctic,
Casper crew sign up under my link,
uh you're going to have SVIP fees.
All right?
Long looks good here. Let's see.
Yeah, I I
Oh.
Yes. Oh, yeah. I mean, shout out to
Doge.
>> [music]
>> Yeah, I'm that guy.
I'm the dear Trump, please say Bitcoin.
I only trade demo and when I'm done with
the live streams, I have to run to
McDonald's for work.
I don't run, I walk. I walk to
Your BlowFin fees only lasted for 1
month? They should they should still be
0.02.
If I stop out in a hedge, do I take
profit on the other? No. No, I don't. So
I let I let the swing trade ride until
it hits some major targets, right? So
I have I have videos all about this on
my free course, all right? Go to the
Jason Casper YouTube channel.
All right, go to playlists.
Go to Jason Casper free trading course
and go to episode 16 if I'm not
mistaken.
Um
How to manage open trades, episode 16,
all right?
I In this I walk through like my my
strategy of like
managing open trades
and
you know, how to have the mi- like the
mindset that I have going into it
and, you know, shifting your
mindset from, you know, strictly I'm
bullish or I'm bearish or I'm long or
I'm short to more fluid, right?
You know, it's like gender. You know, it
could change from a day-to-day basis.
Um
you know, one second you're bullish, one
second you're bearish, you know?
Like one second
you're in the pasture, the next second
you're in the woods, right?
No way we fade a 4-hour bull div. I
know, man. I mean, this thing could pump
like crazy, but it also might not.
That's true. The only way to show if
these are real or not is to show the
hash on the mempool. That's 100% right.
And all this stuff is
shown on the blockchain.
Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah, it is cuz this is a DEX, you know?
This is a DEX. It's all on the
blockchain. Totally decentralized. Every
transaction happens on the blockchain.
This is These are 100% real trades.
I know the market is a snail. Stair step
up, elevator down as as Flop and Groper
would say.
Real trading or not, that's true. You
can't fake the TA. And real trading or
not,
you can't fake the TA. You can't fake
longing the exact bottom. You can't fake
uh the the trades I give in in in the
Discord
that play out, you know?
You got a lot of these people on on the
internet showing trades and
they long or short in the beginning of
the day and then which everyone's in
profit, they go live and show that one,
right? I literally just showed you guys
my entire trade history for the month.
Um
and I have I have the I have the
receipts of taking these these trades
live, man. So yeah, whether they're real
or fake,
my analysis is on point
and my strategy is on point.
How long did it take me to get used to
the treadmill?
A DEX like MEXC? No, MEXC is not a DEX.
MEXC is a centralized exchange, all
right? And um
MEXC is a centralized exchange. So
you're depositing your money onto a
platform and trusting them with it, all
right? A DEX is where self-custody of
your own assets,
right? And the liquidity is
provided by people using the exchange,
providing liquidity to the exchange. And
Antarctic, one of the good things about
Antarctic is if you are a liquidity
provider,
you benefit.
You like you're the market maker. So if
someone else gets liquidated, usually
the market makers get those liquidation
fees. That's how exchanges make money.
But on Antarctic, everyone who's
providing liquidity shares in the
liquidation fees through the token.
All right, so the ecosystem and the
tokenomics are set up
for traders to benefit traders. It's not
you against the market maker. It's you
against you
basically,
you know? [music]
Um
Can I show the treadmill?
>> [music]
>> How do I handle trades that front run
your level? You miss them.
>> [laughter]
>> How long did it take me to get used to
the treadmill? Uh
I was used to it right away, all right?
I've always done things in like strange
situations.
All right, so
you know?
But I still can't type on the treadmill,
You know, I still can't type on the
treadmill.
Would I long ETH here?
Um
how much money do you need to start the
first trade so you can hedge after?
For a living?
I don't know, man. Um
Like
it depends on how much money you need.
How much money do you want to make?
>> [music]
>> I always say this.
For me to feel comfortable for me to
feel comfortable
trading only as my only source of
income,
which I would never want to do. I would
never want to do that.
Um
I would I can't even imagine trading
being my only income.
But for me, I'd say a comfortable level
is anywhere between 150 to 250,000
dollars
>> [music]
>> because
what that does is it allows you to be
very conservative and selective in your
trading
and shlong, you know, hedge against
yourself
and where the where the money is good
enough to make a few thousand dollars a
month on average, right? Here's another
thing about trading. You don't you never
know how much money you're going to
make,
right? You never know.
You might have a red month. You might
have two red months in a row.
Uh you might just not
have setups that come your way. Like
I had a red month in January
and [music]
well, that's not true. I did take a
giant swing trade in January, which is
still open. February was the month I was
actually red.
Um
and February also I just wasn't in the
right mindset for trading. And I stopped
trading big money in February. Like if
you guys were following me in February,
I was opening up like $50,000 positions,
like
I was not in the right mindset for it. I
But I would say 150 to 250,000 dollars
with my the way I trade would be
comfortable to live. Now,
I don't know how much money people need
cuz everyone's in a different place, in
a different situation, and has different
amounts of debt, and all this.
So, it's a very hard question to answer.
Losses don't matter as long as the math
checks out. That's true.
Binance has a stability rule.
Uh no, Bit Funded does not have those
same rules. All right?
What is better, a centralized exchange
or a decentralized exchange? Well,
you have There's pros and cons to each.
All right? The The pros of a centralized
exchange
are that
they have lower fees.
Some of them, like KCS. Not all.
But, centralized exchanges, they have
lower fees. They're easier to use.
Uh and a lot of them have very good
liquidity. All right? Um
Decentralized exchanges, some of the the
the big advantages of decentralized
exchanges is you don't have to trust
your funds with anybody. It's all
self-custody. All right?
Uh secondly, a decentralized exchange is
never going to freeze your account
or rug pull you because
it's decentralized. All right? There
That can't happen.
You also, because it's decentralized,
there's no KYC. There's no KYC.
You'll never have to be KYC.
All right? It doesn't operate in the
same way as a centralized exchange
that's holding your money because you're
depositing your money in here, you have
to KYC for legal purposes. There's not
going to be any of that.
Right? Um a lot of the perks of a
centralized exchange is the ease of use.
But, Antarctic, the goal of Antarctic is
to have a DEX that for all intents and
purposes functions in the same way as a
sex.
Right? The mobile app,
all these kinds of pairs that you'll be
able to trade, the hedge mode,
all this kind of stuff, you know?
So,
yes, there will be spot on Antarctic.
You know?
There will be spot on AX.
Reece wants a 10K dump today.
Would I suggest getting completely out
of credit card debt before investing?
Well, I personally use investing to to
pay off debt.
I use investing to pay off debt.
Um
I don't know. I ain't no Dave Ramsey up
in here.
Dave Ramsey would tell you don't invest
and pay off all your debt.
I don't know. Pray about it. I would say
pray about it
and see what the Lord would have you to
do.
Um
Cuz here's the problem, investing is
risky and
you don't want to put yourself in a
position where you have even more debt.
But,
in my opinion,
and again, everyone's in a different
situation in life. But,
the best way
to break free
from debt [music] and the slave system,
which is keeping you
just rich enough to survive and
just poor enough to stay stuck in the
system so you have to work until you're
and pass your debt on to your kids,
the way to escape that is to start a
business.
Start a business, a
cash generating asset,
a business
>> [music]
>> where you're the boss.
Right?
That is like a great thing to do. And we
live in a time where anything that you
are slightly knowledgeable about, or
even if you just are not even
knowledgeable about anything,
we live in a time where you can monetize
it
by starting a YouTube channel.
You know?
People are looking for information on
the internet. And if you start some kind
of social media
to talk about and provide information to
people who want that information,
now you have yourself a whole bunch of
people who will give you money
for the information. Right?
And we live in a very unique time where
anyone can do this. And now, it's not
easy. It takes a lot of work, and it
takes a lot of time, and it takes a lot
of consistency.
But, it's possible.
And once you have a cash generating
asset, such as a business,
doesn't even have to be an online
business,
then you can take some of that money and
invest it and grow it.
Right? Money begets money.
But, investing without that initial
source of cash flow, in my opinion, is
risky
because the more you care about the
money,
the harder it is to make money.
The more you care about making money in
trading and investing, the harder it is
to make money because the emotions of
greed and fear are too strong.
When you're relying on making that
money, you're like, I need to pay this
debt, so I need to make this much.
You see, you're in juicy profit. You
don't take profit. Why? Cuz I just need
to make more.
Right?
All of a sudden, big giant red candle,
you sell. Why? Cuz I don't want to lose
everything.
So, you didn't take profit when you
should, and then you sold in a loss
because of fear and greed. It's really
hard
if your goal is to make money to make
sound decisions in the market.
But, if you don't care about the money,
and you're doing it because you enjoy
the process of doing it, and you know,
slow and steady gains wins the race, and
then you're going to have losses, and
you're going to have wins, and you have
realistic expectations, you're using
good risk to reward
ratios and all this. Right?
Then, the byproduct of that is you will
start to make money from your
investments.
But, it it did But, the number one thing
is the psychology. And psychology
is difficult.
All right?
Everyone knows about risk management,
and everyone can sit here and tell you
the right things to do. And yet, all of
us, myself included,
make the wrong decisions based on
emotion.
It happens. Right?
So, the more things you can do to
eliminate emotional decisions, the
better. And one of the best ways to do
that is to not have
People who say, "I'm going to trade my
way out of debt." Or "I quit my job.
Now, all of a sudden, I'm going to trade
full-time."
Man, those people, honestly, I've heard
so many stories cuz you know, I got to
have a trading YouTube community,
Discord, all that, of people who tried
to do that, and they literally lost
everything.
>> [music]
>> So, you got to be careful.
You got to be mad careful.
Do I believe in tithing?
I believe tithing exists. I believe
tithing exists.
Uh here's the thing. I'll I'll I'll tell
you this about tithing. All right?
So, a biblical tithe,
we're going to follow what the Bible
says about tithing, is more than 10%.
Okay?
There's three tithes
in scripture.
There's the tithe to the priesthood.
There's the tithe to the poor.
And then there's the tithe for you to
have a a party three times a year.
All right? There are three tithes. One
for the priesthood, those who are
serving God full-time, to support them.
One for the poor.
And one for yourself so that every year,
three times a year, you can have a giant
party and celebrate before the Lord your
God. All right?
Now, in order for any of those tithes
to actually
be applicable today, there would need to
be
an active Levitical priesthood
and a temple
in the land of Israel. Right? And there
we don't have those things. So, we can't
we can't tithe biblically right now.
That being said,
I do believe the principle still stands
that God loves a cheerful giver. All
right?
Um
And so, although we can't say tithing is
necessarily biblical
as the way a lot of churches teach it
today,
what is biblical is supporting those who
are
doing the work of God. Right?
Those in the ministry are are worth
double honor. They're worth being paid
for their work.
And also, we see throughout scripture,
Old and New Testaments,
that the one thing
God says test me in is your giving.
Right? In Malachi, God says, "Test me in
this. If you give and you bring the full
tithe to the storehouses, see if I don't
open up the windows of heaven and bless
you like crazy." Right?
Jesus says in Matthew, in the Sermon on
the Mount, he says,
"By the measure in which you give, it
will be given back to you, pressed down
and overflowing shall men give back to
you." Right?
I can say it anecdotally in my life,
you cannot
outgive God monetarily cuz he owns
everything anyway. Right?
So,
I know in my life, the more I have
given,
the more I've been blessed financially.
Um
So, I fully believe that if
This ain't no spiritual advice, and this
ain't no financial advice.
But, if you give in a way where people
look at you and say, "You're being
stupid, and you're being irresponsible.
You're not doing the right thing for
your family. You're not being a good
steward."
See if the Lord doesn't bless you in
ways you never even thought possible.
See if you if you take a step in faith
where it's scary. You're like, man,
"I'm going to give this, and I don't
know how I'm going to get it back."
See if God doesn't bless you in some
crazy way.
It's not spiritual advice. It's not
financial advice, but
you know, God does say test me in this.
He says, "Don't put the Lord your God to
a foolish test."
But the one thing he does say to test
him in is your giving.
You know?
So,
that's what I have to say about whether
or not I believe in tithing.
You know?
The egg code, what is the egg code?
Um
the egg code is this.
AX, I'm going to put it in the chat
here.
There's the egg code.
Your biggest trades come from forgetting
you took the trade. Yeah.
I You know, it's very true, right? Cuz
when you're not
when you are not micromanaging
your trades,
then um
they tend to go better, right?
Yeah, micromanaging can can can screw
you up a little bit there.
Micromanaging can screw you up.
For sure.
Yeah, I remember this one time I had a
trade open, I didn't even remember it.
For months I didn't remember it, and
then I logged in and
I could have made like 25 grand and when
I By the time I looked at it it was up 5
grand. I was like, "No!"
No!
It's going to fly in a couple of
minutes. Let's see.
If it does, I'm going to I'll add a
little bit more to here and we'll we'll
write it up from 758.
We'll write it up from 758.
Chris says, "Stop asking the egg code."
Yeah, seriously.
Yeah,
send and Oh, set and forget, yeah.
Let's see. Man, we're starting to get a
little bit of a pump here, guys. It's
11:00 a.m.
We're starting to get a little bit of a
pump. Let's see what we can get.
Let's see what we can get.
Made a million dollars. Open to 23,000
[music]
Bitcoin price. Yeah, you know what's
funny, Paradigm Miner, is you know, cuz
today is Casper Crew Game Day
where we
we give away thousands of dollars to the
crew,
but also we take demo trades cuz we we
do challenges and the winners they get
500 bucks and then we do 100X trade on
demo.
We do a $50,000 position
and whatever money they make in 3
minutes, they have to tell me long or
short, they get added to their $500
prize.
And one time I after games I left the
trade open, a $50,000
position, and it just so happened that
the a month later
we pumped like crazy.
I think that probably happened after
February games.
Um
let's see.
>> [music]
>> Cuz remember the last game was in March.
So,
I don't remember when February games
was.
Probably around here.
Probably around this area.
Then
I guess towards the end of March we're
prob- we're probably up around here,
yeah. So, it it pumped it pumped like
crazy. The funny thing is it was 100X
leverage.
It didn't get liquidated. No stop loss.
And it pumped, you know?
Why don't I stream the Casper Crew Games
anymore?
Um
I don't know.
It's a lot to set up the stream.
Why? Do you want me to stream the Casper
Crew Games, Eon Crypto?
Should I stream the Casper Crew Games?
What sayest thou?
>> [singing]
>> There is no demo mode on Antarctic. Not
now, girl dad gigachad.
Not now, but there will be I think in
the future. That was one of the things
that I was
uh wanting to have for people to learn.
But uh
as of now there is no demo mode,
unfortunately.
Unfortunately.
Wow.
You made 1.2 million on a $10,000 demo
account. That's what's up.
You don't know how to get prizes with
the eggs. Well, the way you do it
is in the Discord there is a prizes
channel.
And I'll show you.
In the Discord
there is a prizes channel right here.
And it's under the egg rewards section
and you can enter these raffles and win.
Every week, $100 giveaway, $200
giveaway. Every month we're giving away
free VIP, all that kind of stuff.
You know? All that kind of stuff.
>> [singing]
>> Time to pee in the bushes, guys.
My favorite time of the stream.
My favorite My favorite time of stream.
Yeah, eventually, Dr. Goat, there will
be other networks to trade on AX as
well.
But it's a new exchange. One thing at a
time. One thing at a time.
Do I know the song The Blood by Beth L
Music? I don't, Felix H. I'm sorry.
I don't.
Who broke Bitty? She's stuck. Yeah,
seriously.
Yeah, we've been having some pretty lame
New York opens lately. Stream in the
stream. Stream in hard. Shout out to
Paper Beach Rock 1.
Shout out to Power Friend.
>> [music]
>> Time to water the bushes, yeah. It's
been a pretty rainy day, honestly.
It's been a pretty rainy day. I'm not
going to lie.
You know?
I love these bushes, you know? I would
pee in them every day. And you know
what? I do. I do. In fact, my wife even
got me a sticker that says I love to pee
outside.
But the sticker's gone
cuz I got a new door.
And it was on the door. So, sadly the
sticker's gone.
MSTR isn't stuck, says Not Not Quicker.
Let's check it [music] out.
Wow.
You're right. That thing is pumping like
a wild lady right now. Sheesh.
>> [music]
>> Even changing market structure on the
daily.
Yeah, look at that. We are pumping.
Interesting.
What does Michael Saylor know that we
don't know, guys? And Bitcoin's starting
to get a little bit of a pump now,
though.
What does Michael Saylor know that we
don't know?
Haha, Trader Geo, he's
he thought I was going to say the
sticker's gone cuz I peed on it.
Nah.
I wish I had peed on it, but I didn't.
Um
you have a ticket open?
Power Friend, is it in the Discord?
We'll we'll get to it, bro. We'll get to
it.
Do I sun dry my clothes or how do I dry
my clothes?
In a dryer. In an electric dryer.
I have a lot of electric things nowadays
on this
on this off-grid homestead. I mean, keep
in mind
I don't know if you could see in the
back, but
we've got ourselves like
you can't really see back there, but
we've got a whole field of solar panels.
So,
you know?
We got a whole field of solar panels
back there.
So,
we produce a lot of electricity here.
When will I close this long? Oh, when do
I plan to exit long? If we can break
market structure, I will add to the
long.
We could break market structure, I will
add to the long.
RT guy, you lost money cuz you sent less
than the $10 minimum to AX.
Is that something to do with the
network, maybe?
If it's an issue with AX, you can open a
ticket and they will always get you
hooked up, all right?
Whoever's buying strategy.
>> [music]
>> Yeah, it is odd when strategy goes up
and Bitcoin doesn't.
You know what I love to do is I love to
pick the pine needles off these
arborvitaes and smell them.
Get a little branch up the nose, you
know what I'm saying?
Why do I have solar panels on the field
and not on the roof? Is that serious?
I'll bet you you could answer that
question yourself.
I'll bet you could answer that question
yourself.
Yeah.
I'll bet you could answer that question
yourself.
I feel I I you know, the only reason I'm
still alive right now is cuz I feel in
my bones
that Bitty's going to get a big pump. I
just feel it in my bones. I could be
wrong,
but I feel it in my bones.
Cars after 2027 will be surveilled and
won't let you drive if the car thinks
you're not okay to drive. That makes
sense. It's no surprise. I mean,
everything's already tracked, right? So
funny.
You ever call the police and they're
like, "Where are you?"
Are you serious?
They know where you're at at all times.
All right. So, Stein Ravenhorst has a
question for me yesterday. Let me have
Let me hear it. Let me hear the
question, man.
Let me hear the question.
Let me hear the Oh, what kind of music
did I make in the band? Heavy metal,
extremely heavy.
Heavy technical metal, you know, the
only good kind of music that there is.
You know?
Trader Geo says, "Look at Doge. I think
we can get a big pump." Guys, if you're
not subscribed to Trader Geo, you're
really missing out on a lot.
All right?
It does look really nice on the daily.
Look at this.
Look at this on the daily.
Look at that money flow curve. And look
at the weekly.
Look at this big VWAP to the upside,
looking nice.
Looking pretty nice.
Um
It does look pretty pumpy. You know
what?
Look at the monthly.
You know what?
Bullish engulfing about to about to
happen here in in 8 hours, guys. Bullish
engulfing on the monthly on Doge.
Weekly looking juicy, daily looking
juicy, 4-hour.
You know, I I wish we could come down
for a double bottom, but you know,
you know, we we do have some bull div in
this zone here. We do have some bull div
in this zone here. Yeah, maybe Doge is
going to get a little bit of a pump.
Yeah, that is why Monero
says Santino Monero will be very
valuable in the future. Yeah, Monero
will be valuable, but not
Here's the thing. Monero's not going to
be a valuable way to make money, but
Monero's going to be a good way to make
transactions without anybody else
knowing. So, if you're into Monero,
which I am,
um
you know, you're you're holding it not
to try and make USD, you're holding it
so that if you can't make transactions
or if you don't want to make a public
transaction, you can, right? Cuz cash is
going away.
Pretty soon there's not going to be cash
and everything's going to be digital
currency only.
Let's check out the
>> [music]
>> um
a Testament and Megadeth fan? No, no,
I'm talking about heavy metal. All
right, heavy heavy stuff.
Megadeth is not heavy. They used to be,
you know, considered heavy, [music]
but now I don't consider them heavy at
all.
I consider Megadeth,
you know, like a ballad ballad rock.
Let's check out Doge Bitcoin.
I remember when I was in a metal band,
and you meet old people out at Walmart
cuz when you're in a band, you live at
Walmart, by the way.
People don't realize this.
You live at Walmart when you're in a
band, and
>> [music]
>> you meet these old people, they're like,
"Oh, so you're in a band, huh? What kind
of music?"
Uh you know, like heavy, you know, like
metal. They're like, "Oh, like
Metallica?"
Yeah, uh-huh. Mhm. Yes, we are
Metallica.
So, Bitcoin Yeah,
Doge versus BTC right now
does have a pretty nice falling bullish
wedge. You cannot deny.
Uh we've had many of these in the past
as well. Look at this.
This one here.
Had a pretty intense breakout.
And this one here also had a pretty
intense breakout.
We can't deny the truth.
All right?
You know?
And so, we're starting to break out of
this one as well.
Um let's go to the daily here.
Man, we are breaking out of the
downtrend as well. Like, look at this.
You have your market cipher trend.
We're officially breaking out.
Officially breaking out.
Got a little bull bull div right here on
the daily.
Little bit of daily bull div.
You know?
It's looking pretty nice there. Not
going to lie.
Yeah, a lot of exchanges won't let you
cash out Monero. Yeah, exactly. Monero
is not to make money.
Monero is so that you have a means of
exchange
uh when there's nothing else to
exchange, you know?
Um
The huddle buy song?
Yeah, shiny music, exactly.
Yeah, early '80s thrash in the Bay Area.
That was heavy back then, you know?
Heavy music's gotten way heavier.
You know, it's pretty heavy now. Can't
imagine it could possibly get any
heavier than what it's already been. I
don't think it's possible.
I don't think it's possible.
You sniped coin at 150 and master at
132.
Nice, FelixH.
Nice.
Do I ever trade alts? Um well, not I I
have traded alts. Come on, Bitcoin. What
the heck?
Trader Geo, are you still bullish on
Bitcoin, man? Or we've hit your target,
right?
We've hit your target. Are you still
bullish on BTC?
Yeah, I trade alts. Look, I For me, I I
just love trading Bitcoin. I don't know
what else to say.
I [music] love trading Bitcoin. I don't
need to trade anything else.
I I know Bitcoin. Me and Bitcoin I know
Bitcoin, all right? I know Bitcoin.
There There's a level of intuition that
comes with trading one asset only, and
I'll tell you, my intuition with Bitcoin
is very good. My intuition with altcoins
is not that great, okay?
Not that great at all.
If I were to buy one altcoin right now,
which would it be?
All right. How are the chickens? The
chickens are good.
If I were to buy one altcoin right now,
what would it be?
I don't know.
I don't know. Maybe
I Maybe I would I would take a gamble on
AVX.
I would take a gamble on AVX, you know?
Let's see how the chickens are.
Oh, they're They're back there.
They They've come to visit. What's up,
chickies?
It's hard to see past my AI camera.
Won't get me out of the dang out of the
dang lens. There we go.
What's up, chickies?
They think I've got some They think I've
got some treats for them. That's why
they're here.
That's why they're here. They think I've
got some treats.
Trader Geo says Dogecoin. Sure, I'd buy
Dogecoin. If I had to buy something
right now, uh maybe I'd buy some dang
Dogecoin. All right?
Monero and privacy coins will be banned.
Yeah, I know, but that's the whole point
of them, right? They're privacy coins.
So, you ban them, but so what?
The whole point is that they're private.
So, you're using them, no one's going to
know.
Uh or maybe they will. Who knows?
You know, pacu pacu, who knows?
He has a protein factory.
Man, I only have right now I only have
nine chickens right now, guys.
I had 40.
40 chickens like
a year and a half ago, 2 years ago.
Now I've only got nine left. So,
a lot of them didn't make it over the
winter.
A lot of them got eaten
by me and predators.
You know?
What is my favorite chicken? The kind
that lays eggs every day and is hearty
and survives through the winter.
You know?
I I remember when I first got into
chickens I was all into Me and my wife,
we moved out here. We're like, "What
kind of chickens are we going to get?"
We're looking at these books. We could
get copper-necked maroons and all these
different Americanas and all these
different types. It's like, "You know
what?
Screw that.
Whatever whatever whatever is
uh lays an egg a day
even in the winter can lay a few eggs a
week
and won't die of cold or disease. That's
what we want. And and then you just
breed your own chickens. I have no idea
what kind of breed of chicken I have
now. I have no idea. Those chickens are
all mutts out there.
They're all [music] mutts.
They're all eggs hatched that we hatched
ourselves. They're all mutts. I don't
know.
You know?
How do you decide when to eat a chicken?
The way you decide when to eat a chicken
is if it's a rooster,
uh he he gets eaten. All right? No
offense to the roosters.
But you can't have too many roosters.
All right? They they're they're they're
consumers and not producers.
>> [music]
>> All right?
So,
really it comes down to
if we have too many roosters, you eat
them when they when they hit puberty.
Once they start to cock-a-doodle-doo,
then you uh you you put them in the
freezer, you know, sadly.
That is kind of how it goes, you know?
Do I play duck duck goose with chickens?
Nah.
Nah, we play duck duck chicken.
If I live in the right climate, would I
have a vineyard? Yeah, in fact, I'm
thinking of actually planting a
vineyard. I've tried twice.
I haven't had good success with the
grape vines. They they die. So, I don't
know what to do.
I don't know what to do. All right? I've
got a little orchard here.
We get lots of apples, lots of pears.
Um the grapes, I really I'm hoping this
year I can get my grapes going so that I
can drink myself into a drunken stupor.
Just kidding.
Um
but honestly, I would like to make my
own wine.
I grew my own oats once. I grew a field
of oats myself. I made my own oatmeal. I
made a bowl of oatmeal from my own
property, which was crazy. All right?
It's crazy, by the way.
Uh um
it was crazy. I I grew the oats. I
harvested them with a with a sickle,
guys. Like the Grim Reaper out there.
All right?
Like the dang Grim Grim Reaper. I was
out there with my sickle harvesting the
grain. I carried the grain to the
driveway where I'm in right now. I had a
giant fan blower and now I'm using a
rake and my feet to get the grain heads
separated from the dang stalks.
Then I threshed it myself by throwing it
up with the fan to blow away the chaff
and all this.
Then I hauled it in with five-gallon
buckets. I put it in a food processor to
chop up the oat groats
to get a little steel-cut
oats and made myself some some homemade
oats. And let me tell you,
it was the most satisfying bowl of
carbohydrates I've ever eaten in my
life. All right?
Most satisfying bowl of carbohydrates
I've ever eaten in my life. And I don't
think I'll ever grow oats again because
for the amount of work you have to do
for the amount of food it gives you,
it's not worth it. I'd rather just cut a
potato in three, shove it in the ground,
and then come back 3 months later and
eat potatoes.
You know?
Make the chickens fight to the death?
If roosters grow up together, they do
not fight to the death.
You know?
Um
Nice. You have some mutts and some Ayam
Cemanis. Now I have Cemani mutts.
That's what's up. Shout out to Preparing
for War.
Paper Beats Rock once says, "I have a
hard time believing in any alts after
this last um
alt season." Yeah, it's it has been
pretty tough, hasn't it?
It has been pretty tough.
You know? So,
yeah, it has been pretty tough.
How many eggs do I eat per week? Uh
quite a few, probably
actually not too many. I I I'm eating
right now like three eggs a day, which
is not very much.
Um
but when I'm really eating eggs, I might
eat like, you know,
I
>> [music]
>> you know, some days seven, eight eggs a
day.
So, you know, 40.
Maybe 42, 45 eggs a day. There was there
was one point where I was actually
eating 20 to 25 eggs a day.
Shout out to Trader Joe. God bless you,
my man.
The Corey below one, you're not on
timeout, bro. I I don't know.
I don't put anybody on timeout. If
you're on timeout, it's it's because one
of the mods put you on timeout. And
here's the thing, I gave the mods the
wrench because I trust them to put
people on timeout when they're out of
line. So,
you're probably out of line.
Bitcoin's not in the GP yet. All right?
I want guinea fowl eating ticks. Oh
yeah, guinea hens for eating ticks, for
sure.
Uh Cham Chamery, the egg code is A
two letters, AX, both capital.
All right? AX, both capital.
Yeah, Bitcoin's about to enter the
golden pocket right now. So, let's go
ahead and pull it
from the high to the low, what do you
know?
From the high to the low, what do you
know? Roop.
We're about to hit hit into that GP
right now. Let's go to the 1-hour.
Yeah, we're about to head into it. Let's
see if we can't get a little pre-lunch
pump.
>> [music]
>> PLP. A little PLP, baby.
You did a 5-day egg fast, didn't want
eggs for a while.
Yeah, three eggs a day is pretty good
for me right now. Like here's the thing,
I'm I'm I'm
I'm cutting weight right now.
Trying to get shredded abs.
I'm pretty close to where I want to be,
but when I cut, I don't cut carbs. I cut
fat and protein.
So,
so I'm eating fewer eggs than normal.
I do the opposite of what most people
say.
I cut fat and protein and I I keep carbs
high.
Let's see. If we start to come through
that golden pocket, I'm going to add
100,000 to the trade.
How do I get my protein? From eggs, from
yogurt, from meat,
uh from nuts and seeds,
and from
you know, there's a lot of protein in
everything you eat. Sweet potatoes has
protein.
Beans have protein.
Um
Honestly, like to be totally honest with
you,
I don't understand why people have
trouble getting enough protein because
if I just eat like
I don't have to try to count protein.
I'm always pretty much right around or
over 1 g per pound of body weight just
from eating like a whole food diet.
You know? So, like
I typically eat as much as I want,
right? So,
typically when I'm when I'm maintaining
weight, I'm really good at intuitive
eating. So, I just eat as much as I
want. And I can I can maintain weight
pretty well on that.
Um
and typically I'm eating like 300 g of
protein a day. Like
just from the sheer amount of eggs
and, you know, meat. I mean, if you're
eating seven, eight eggs a day and
you're eating some meat and you're
eating yogurt and you're eating cheese
and you're eating beans
and you're eating even like potatoes and
like oatmeal
and popcorn. Like these things have
protein in them, too. So easy to get
like 250 to 300 g of protein easy.
All right? So, you don't really need
that to maintain muscle.
So,
if you just cut the protein,
which also cuts the fat,
as long as your fat's high enough to
support your hormones,
then you can keep those carbs high and
then you can feel good while you're
cutting weight.
You know? I don't understand why people
cut the carbs.
Carbs are your energy. If you can't
train hard, I I honestly, this is some
real bro science here.
I'm of the opinion [music]
I'm of the opinion
that as long as you can lift heavy
weights,
you won't lose muscle.
Even if your protein isn't optimal. And
the reason I say that is because
our bodies were designed
to survive.
All right?
And so, if you're putting your body
through a situation where food is
scarce,
and yet you're also telling your body
that you need to have muscle to lift
heavy things,
and you also have body fat, which was
designed to be your energy when when
there's lack of food, why would your
body get rid of muscle and keep fat?
When you're telling your body,
number one, there's not a lot of food.
Number two, we need muscle.
And number three, there is body fat to
lose. Why would your body lose muscle
and and and keep fat? That doesn't make
any sense. In my experience anecdotally
as a bro scientist,
I think that if you're lifting heavy
weights
uh in a calorie deficit, your protein
doesn't really matter that much.
And if your carbs are high,
think about this. If your carbs are high
and your protein's low,
you have more energy to lift heavy
weights. So, in other words, you're
putting your body through the stimulus
that's telling your body to keep muscle.
And you're able to do that better on a
high carb low protein diet than you are
on a high protein low carb diet. Cuz you
ever go on a high protein low carb diet,
you feel like crap. You go in the gym,
you can't get a pump. You don't have
that drive to lift the heavy weights.
You're missing a rep here, missing a rep
there.
You know, your strength is going down.
So, yeah, now you're not giving your
body
the stimulus it needs to hold on to
muscle.
But if you get in there 600 carbs a day
on a dang caloric deficit
and you're hitting those heavy weights,
I mean, there's no way you're not
getting pumped up on 600 g of carbs a
day in a caloric deficit. I'm telling
you.
But what do I know, man?
You know, I literally don't know a dang
thing.
Do I think we go down under 60k? I think
it's possible, right? Like here's the
thing. Are we out of the woods?
Are we out of the woods? I don't know.
Um
I like to think that we are
still in a bear market, okay? I like to
think that we can see under 60k. I like
to think Let's clear off everything
here.
All right?
I like to think that we get a fake out
of this and this is a bull trap
and that we come back down under the
trend line and we dump down and we make
a new low. I like to think that we're
going to come and hit the Fibonacci 786.
All right?
Dipping below 40k. At least hit the
Fibonacci golden pocket at 57.
All right? But yeah, I like to think
that our our bottom is is going to be in
at around this area here
by by the by by the fall. All right?
Um
I like to think that because I do want
to buy Bitcoin cheaper.
Um
However, we are seeing some macro bull
signs forming here like on the chart.
Like I'm not going to lie. Like once
that monthly dot turns green,
>> [music]
>> there's a very good chance the bottom is
in and if we do make a double bottom,
it's going to just be a just a dip below
60k.
Right? 57 might be our low in that case.
[music]
Um
you know,
right now the way the two week is
looking, it's really looking very
similar to how we looked over here,
right? We got the two week dot, we get
the pump and then we get the last big
capitulation drop. Now, that last big
capitulation drop was about
you know, 38% from the from the bottom.
So, if if if this is our top here,
assuming we get a 38%, that is going to
take us down to
right around just dipping just below 50,
right?
So, if the top is in now and we got one
more big capitulation and we form the
bullish divergence on the two week like
we did last time,
then yeah, I I think that uh
I definitely think we could see below
60k.
Now,
I I would love to see a move down to
40k.
And I but I think the only way that's
going to happen now is some kind of
black swan event.
But we'll have to kind of wait and see,
>> [music]
>> you know.
Top three most effective supplements,
sleep,
uh heavy weight lifting,
and eating whole foods are the top
three.
The top three most effective supplements
are sleeping 8 to 9 8 to 10 hours a
night.
Um
Definitely lifting heavy weights and
eating a a whole food nutrient dense
diet are the top three most effective
supplements.
All right, Bitcoin. Are we going to
break through?
Are we going to break through?
Do I prefer two to ones or three to
ones? I prefer three to ones.
You know,
I've done a sardine fast. No, I've never
done an egg fast. I've never done a
sardine fast. I've never done a sugar
fast. I've never attempted to do a sugar
fast.
Um
No.
I'm done with the extremes. I'm done
with extremes when it comes to diet
because I've been carnivore, I've been
vegan.
Um
>> [music]
>> I've been keto.
And for me, I I I just know that I feel
and perform the best [music] eating a
balanced diet and
if I'm going to fast, I'm going to fast.
All right? If I'm going to fast, I'm
going to water fast.
I'm not going to do like an egg fast or
whatever.
Shout out to Felix who's going to cop a
weighted vest. That's what's up, you
know, the weighted vest. That's what's
up.
Wear your cycle. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
1k investment into Doge possible one
month return. Well, let's take let's
check out the Doge chart and see what we
got here.
All right?
Uh well,
right now the obvious support resistance
flip is 11 cents.
So,
maybe there's an Adam and Eve pattern
here on Doge as well.
Uh
whoa whoa whoa
whoa. Whoa, what is going on? Why am I
yawning like that, man?
Why am I yawning like that?
Let's see. What would [snorts] be a good
target on Doge here? You know, I'm
really bad at predictions, guys. You
know that?
Let's just pull the fib from our last
low that we made in 2025 September here
to our current low.
And let's pull the volume.
I'd say a good target maybe would be
around 16 cents. That POC of the range
support resistance flip right around
there as well.
We could see that. That would be nice.
If you run a business and you can't
sleep, I don't know, man. I really don't
know what to say. Like I have definitely
traded sleep for business in my lifetime
and I'm done with that now.
But I do believe there's a period in
time there's a period in life to
work hard and run yourself into the
ground and then there's a period of time
to recover and
you got to figure out what's best for
you, you know, the best risk to reward
ratio. Everything in life is a give and
take, right? Sometimes you got to
sacrifice your health to make money. Um
Hopefully you do that with the goal of
then being able to relax.
And, you know,
like you're putting in the work now and
you reap the benefit later. But don't
fall into the trap of doing that
uh consistently for too long cuz here's
here's the problem. Health really is
wealth.
And if you're putting your health on the
back burner for the sake of making
money, it's going to blow up in your
face
and then you'll be rich and sick.
And no one wants that.
No one wants that.
All right?
What is a sugar fast? A sugar fast is
you only eat sugar only. All right?
You only eat sugar only. So, like so
well, some people do soda. Some people
do just white sugar, but also it's
really just like carbohydrates only.
Like high carb
high sugar foods. It's best if you do
like whole foods, fruit,
fruit, fruit juice,
honey,
that kind of stuff and you only eat
that. Um
sugar fasting,
you know, made made popular by Dorian
Rider,
the the bike guy,
vegan guy,
and then most recently made popular
again by Mark Bell,
the guy who used to be keto high fat and
then decided to eat only sugar to get
shredded.
And um
I thought about trying that, but I I
don't I don't think I want to.
I'd rather just eat a a balanced diet.
Um
Refined sugar fast is the best. Yeah, I
mean, I
it is tempting to try it uh to see what
would happen.
Um I don't doubt that it works to get
like really lean.
But um
I prefer I just prefer a balanced diet.
I I prefer a high carb lowish fat medium
protein diet. That's that's how I always
feel the best.
You know,
um
a sugar only fast sounds horrible.
Well, I mean, sounds horrible if
but you know,
a lot of people are doing it. A lot of
people are are losing a lot of fat doing
it, too.
Um
And you know, some of these guys are
eating like Pixy Stix and like drinking
soda and orange juice.
You know, obviously there's healthier
and and unhealthier ways to do it.
But
yeah, the dentist will love you, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, white sugar I don't I don't I
don't endorse the the eating of refined
sugar at all. Trust me. And I eat like
300 g of sugar a day, but that that
purely comes from fruit
and whole food sources.
Um
Yeah.
Yeah, Prince I Allah, I don't know why
you would use refined sugars when you
can use fresh fruit. I think cuz the
people who are doing it
>> [music]
>> don't want all the fiber cuz they're
getting bloated. I don't know. I I I I
It's been a long time since I like
looked into that sugar fasting stuff.
But, um
yeah, I mean, look, the internet's a
crazy place. If you guys want to go out
there and read about learn about sugar
fasting, the internet's a pretty crazy
place, let me tell you.
The internet's a pretty crazy place, let
me tell you.
Oh, technically, all the money we spend
on food just gets flushed down the
toilet, that's for sure. Where can we
short Bitcoin? Well,
you know, we might have a short at
around 77k.
The Fibonacci golden pocket 786, if we
can get up there.
But, right now Bitcoin's having a hard
time getting up there.
You know?
Bitcoin's having a hard time getting up
there.
Everything's on the internet, even
money, says Paradigm Miner. Yeah,
seriously.
First time hearing about that sugar.
Yeah, it is crazy, but you know, I mean
yeah, I mean, like, Mark Bell, like, you
got you guys never heard of Mark Bell?
I'm kidding, like,
I know that a lot of people aren't into
like the weird fringe like fitness
YouTube.
All right, so
Mark Bell.
This dude right here. I'll show him to
you in a sec here.
Now, first of all, this guy's, you know,
[music] he's on steroids.
He's a powerlifter. I mean, he he's he's
a famous powerlifter. He He's really
strong guy.
All right, like a really strong guy.
All right, but he achieved
this physique sugar fasting.
Meaning he he only ate carbohydrates and
maybe maybe he he even kept the proteins
real low.
All right, kept the proteins real low,
maybe only adding in the proteins like
once a week or so.
I guess we have blurry pictures here,
but
you know.
Mark Bell.
I mean, he used to be a real fat
powerlifter. I mean, this is him here,
right? And then he like lost a lot of
weight doing keto and all this stuff.
And then he wanted to get real lean, so
he started doing his sugar protocol.
You know?
This is his protocol.
All right, day one, he only eats sugar.
Day two, he only eats sugar. Day three,
eats sugar and then resets with some
lean protein and maybe some starch. Then
two days of only sugar.
Then, uh, day six, lean protein with
some some starch, a little bit of fat,
under 50 g.
And then seventh day, he'll add a cheat
meal.
If you can be responsible without
bingeing. All right, that's his protocol
to go from a fat old powerlifter
to, uh, shredded.
All right.
Now, this is him when he was on keto.
This is him before he was on keto when
he was just a strong powerlifter not
caring about weight. Then he went on
keto, he got kind of lean.
And then dude went on his sugar fast
and got shredded. All right.
Look at that. Look at that
transformation right there.
It's pretty crazy.
Yeah, good old sugar fasting, man.
Really, metal injection metal sucks is
gone? Is that true?
Oh, sugar not a cheat meal. His cheat
meal would include fat and protein. Like
a tomahawk steak would be a cheat meal
for him.
You know?
Uh, yeah, he's the guy who invented the
slingshot. Exactly, the slingshot.
Matthew Sheldon. He's the slingshot guy.
We have a massive open interest
divergence. Let's check it out. I was
really hoping for a big pump today.
You know, we have Casper crew games in
about 2 hours.
Casper crew games in about 2 hours.
Check out the OI here.
Yeah, we have a We do have a big OI
divergence here. And it's actually a lot
of longs opening up, too.
Um
I wonder how that's going to play out.
Either we trap the longs and wreck them.
Cuz we do have quite a few longs opening
up here. Or
there are some shorts opening up, too.
But, in general, more longs than shorts.
Let's see what happens with this, right?
>> [crying]
>> Oh, sugar fasting sustainable? It's not
sustainable.
That's why it's called sugar fasting.
It's something you do for a short period
of time.
You know, it's something that you do for
a short period of time
uh, to get shredded. If you want to get
shredded, all right?
Cuz everyone knows, you know, if you're
shredded, life is just way better. You
know what I'm saying?
That's sarcasm, by the way.
Do I do forex? Not anymore, I used to.
I used to.
Compost tea is act- absolutely amazing
for your uh, for your gardens, Prince I
Allah.
Raised beds, every year I put compost
tea in my raised beds. I think it's a
it's a huge hack. A huge hack, for sure.
Get all those nutrients in there.
Yeah, for sure, for sure.
I've never done CrossFit, but Bitcoin's
trying to pump right now.
Bitcoin's trying to pump.
But, I was really hoping that we would
get a pump before noon, and it's coming
up to New York lunchtime, which means
we're probably not going to pump. And if
we do, it'll happen in the afternoon. If
we get a big move, it looks like now
it's going to happen in the afternoon,
guys.
Um you know?
Looks like it'll have to happen in the
afternoon.
But
Oh, nice.
Don't smoke by the Marlboro camel.
Oh, wow, that looks really fun.
Exclamation point.
Good old talk-to-text, guys. You know,
as a boomer, I can't help it.
Um
Is it wrong to use the 1-hour or 4-hour
CVD?
Uh, no, it's not wrong, but it's just
like it's not going to give you like a
tradeable signal, I don't think.
Uh, more of like just confirmation of
maybe a
a trend, right? Um
you could see bullish CVD all day on the
4-hour and keep dumping, right? Cuz
really all uh
Here's the thing, like, if you're if
you're in an uptrend, right? Like like a
big uptrend like a high time frame,
right? Let's assume that this is a right
uptrend, right?
And we're like this, right?
Well, technically speaking, right?
You could have bullish CVD. And that
just basically means there's more shorts
opening here
than there were down here, right?
But, really what bullish CVD really does
mean
is that shorts are in control. If you
think about it, if there's more shorts
opening here than there were down here,
this means the shorts are right now in
control of the market. Now, on a high
time frame,
it's very difficult to see absorption
happening,
right? Cuz there's just too much noise.
Now on the low time frame, if we come
down to the level, right? And then we
start to see higher lows being made
here, [music]
and higher lows being made here, and
we're seeing bullish absorption
happening here, right? Now, locally on
like our 15-minute time frame, this is
clear absorption, [music]
right? Because we're we're watching
price consolidate, and we're watching
orders being absorbed We're watching
short orders by by bigger players. If
you're just watching on the 4-hour and
you see this giant like move down, and
you're like, "Well, we do have bullish
CVD." Cuz, you know, as time goes on,
there's there's like more shorts than
longs. It's like
it it
it is technically bullish CVD, but you
can't get enough clarity to actually see
absorption happening. All it's telling
you is that there's more shorts in the
market than longs, which is bearish,
right? It's only bullish.
The only way more shorts than longs is
bullish
is if we're at a support,
and we are seeing as [music]
all these millions of shorts are opening
up, price is unable to make lower lows.
And you would think that with all these
millions of shorts, price would be
making lower lows, but it's unable to
cuz because they're being absorbed,
right? So, it's like you don't have the
clarity on a high time frame.
Now, if you're in a swing trade maybe
from down here, right? And then we're
coming to the golden pocket,
right? Let's say we're coming to the
golden pocket
from here to here.
And we're down at the golden pocket, and
you're like, "You know what? I see
bullish CVD on the 4-hour. That's that's
an added confluence of continuation."
But it doesn't necessarily give you a
trade entry. You need to go down to a
lower time frame in order to get that
trade entry,
you know?
Shout out to Larry Garcia on day two of
his 7-day water fast. God bless you,
man, in that fast.
Cheese is good. Cheese is good.
Honestly, I love cheese.
Shout out to Dave Digital.
When face-to-face somewhere in the world
with Jay Casper.
I don't know, man. I don't think I'm
ever going to go to a conference ever in
my life. I'm sorry. I'm never going to
go to a crypto conference ever in my
life.
You know, the truth is I got into crypto
so I could stay home for the rest of my
life. I'm not I'm not really into
traveling. I'm not really into going
away from my family, and I'm not really
into bringing my family into weird
places like crypto conferences,
you know? It is what it is.
Shout out to Yoel who just got set up on
Antarctic. That's what's up, Joel, or
Joel, or Yoel. However you say it.
Shout out to Beanstalk you. Here's
Bitcoin. Are we going for the pump? Are
we going for the pump, baby?
Are we going for the pump? Are we going
for the pump? Are we going for the pump?
I hope so.
I could go for a nice pump right about
now.
Sadly though, it's 2 minutes away from
lunchtime, and we usually don't get the
move at lunchtime,
you know?
Larry Garcia's egg code is two letters,
A and X.
AX for Antarctic Exchange. Both capital.
Both capital.
That's the egg code, my man.
But are we going to get a pump?
I feel like we're I feel like as soon as
I end the stream, we're going to pump,
you know?
5 days into a 13-day fast with cheat in
between.
Target if we pump?
Well, honestly, 80K.
Yeah, I've been on a
I'm on day two of a water fast with some
cheat in between.
Yeah, normally the moves happen by 11:30
EST, and and we're past that time, so.
Yeah, so.
Looks like we're not going to get it not
not quicker. But look, guys, 2 hours, we
got Casper Crew Games. We're going to be
giving away thousands of dollars.
Make sure to check it out.
jasoncaspertrading.com.
But anyway, God bless you guys. I'm
going to head out. So, peace.